docs/0.8.2/installation/via-wordpress-theme-installer.md, before:

---
layout: docs
title: WordPress Theme Installer
description: UnderStrap is available via Wordpress.org. This means you can install it from your WordPress backend just like any other theme&hellip;
group: installation
toc: false
---

## Standard WordPress Theme Installation

You can install UnderStrap just like any other theme from [WordPress.org](https://wordpress.org/themes/understrap/){:target="_blank"}. This means you can install it from your WordPress´ backend just like any other theme.

### Installation from WordPress Theme Directory

Visit *Appearance* &rArr; *Themes* &rArr; *Add New Theme* and search for "*UnderStrap*".
{: .p-3 .text-white .bg-dark}

You have the choice to preview UnderStrap in a standard setup without installing it or directly install and activate it when the installation is finished.

### Installation by Uploading

If you prefer to install the Github-hosted version or have problems using the Installer from the WordPress Theme Directory you may also choose to upload a .zip- file.
Get your Download either from the [WordPress Theme Directory](https://wordpress.org/themes/understrap/){:target="_blank"} or the [UnderStrap Github Repository](https://github.com/understrap/understrap){:target="_blank"}.

Visit *Appearance* &rArr; *Themes* &rArr; *Add New Theme* &rArr; *Upload Theme* (on top next to the headline).<br>
Select the previously stored .zip file from your HDD and click *Install now*.
{: .p-3 .text-white .bg-dark}

As soon as the upload is finished you may choose to *Live Preview* or *Activate* your uploaded theme.

{% capture callout %}
**IMPORTANT**: If you download UnderStrap from GitHub make sure you rename the `understrap-master.zip` file to `understrap.zip` or to rename the uncompressed folder to `understrap`.

Otherwise you might run into problems updating the theme or using child themes.
{% endcapture %}
{% include callout.html content=callout type="warning" %}

Commit message:

Small addition to what´s the diff between UnderStrap on WP.org and on Github

docs/0.8.2/installation/via-wordpress-theme-installer.md, after:

---
layout: docs
title: WordPress Theme Installer
description: UnderStrap is available via Wordpress.org. This means you can install it from your WordPress backend just like any other theme&hellip;
group: installation
toc: false
---

## What is the difference between distributions on WordPress.org and Github?

The [release on WordPress.org](https://wordpress.org/themes/understrap/){:target="_blank"} is the official *stable* version that is also available through WordPress built in theme installer.

The [release on Github](https://github.com/understrap/understrap){:target="_blank"} is the current development or “cutting edge” version. You can also download it from there. But you should use it at your own risk. You are also cordially invited to fork it from there, participate in UnderStrap´s development or post any issue you may stumble upon.

## Standard WordPress Theme Installation

You can install UnderStrap just like any other theme from [WordPress.org](https://wordpress.org/themes/understrap/){:target="_blank"}. This means you can install it from your WordPress´ backend just like any other theme.

### Installation from WordPress Theme Directory

Visit *Appearance* &rArr; *Themes* &rArr; *Add New Theme* and search for "*UnderStrap*".
{: .p-3 .text-white .bg-dark}

You have the choice to preview UnderStrap in a standard setup without installing it or directly install and activate it when the installation is finished.

### Installation by Uploading

If you prefer to install the Github-hosted version or have problems using the Installer from the WordPress Theme Directory you may also choose to upload a .zip- file.
Get your Download either from the [WordPress Theme Directory](https://wordpress.org/themes/understrap/){:target="_blank"} or the [UnderStrap Github Repository](https://github.com/understrap/understrap){:target="_blank"}.

Visit *Appearance* &rArr; *Themes* &rArr; *Add New Theme* &rArr; *Upload Theme* (on top next to the headline).<br>
Select the previously stored .zip file from your HDD and click *Install now*.
{: .p-3 .text-white .bg-dark}

As soon as the upload is finished you may choose to *Live Preview* or *Activate* your uploaded theme.

{% capture callout %}
**IMPORTANT**: If you download UnderStrap from GitHub make sure you rename the `understrap-master.zip` file to `understrap.zip` or to rename the uncompressed folder to `understrap`.

Otherwise you might run into problems updating the theme or using child themes.
{% endcapture %}
{% include callout.html content=callout type="warning" %}
